X When the page loads, your program should hide all but the first 10 students in the list.

X Look at the HTML in the example-meets.html on lines 119-137 --
this is an example of the markup you'll need to add dynamically to the index.html page to create pagination links.

X Since only 10 students should be shown at a time,
your programming needs to calculate the number of pages needed and add the appropriate number of links to the bottom of the page.

X When a user clicks on “2” in the pagination, students 11 through 20 are shown.
When a user clicks “3”, students 21 through 30 are shown. And so on.
When “6” is clicked 51 through 55 should be shown.

X Your program should work for any number of students.
There are 54 students in index.html, but you can test your code by adding the
JavaScript file your write to the other lists of students we’ve provided in the student-list-examples folder.

***

X NOTE: It’s good practice to check your project for cross browser compatibility.
We recommend making sure your project looks and functions as expected in at least 3 different browsers.

***

NB Extra Credit
To get an "exceeds" rating, you can expand on the project in the following ways:

X Include a search component so that a user could search for a particular student or students.
See the file example-exceeds.html and lines 16-19 for what the markup for the search component should look like.

X When the "Search" button is clicked, the list of students is filtered to match the search.
For example if the name Phillip is typed into the box list all students whose name or email includes Phillip.

X If no matches are found by the search, include a message in the HTML to tell the user there are no matches.

*************

Hi!

So, finally, project 2 is ready.

Making the pagination and search work went without any big hurldes. But when I realized I needed pagination on the search results aswell, there were a few issues.

The first was figuring out how I should handle not making a pagination of all items, but just the search matches. I added a "match" class to all items on startup, and removed this from items that did *not* match a search when a search was being made.

This way the pagination only deals with matched, or "matched" (all on startup), items.

My second problem was loosing the event handlers on the pagination buttons when a new pagination was being made after a new search. I found a solution by adding the event handler to the document it self (if I'm not mistaking).

For these reasons this was a more challenging project than I thought, and I guess there are a hundred other ways of solving this, but I hope mine makes sense.

I'm aiming for the "Exceeds expectations" on this one, and cross my fingers!

Thanks.

- Ole Petter
